Move path finding agent example to 0.10.0 branch (#55)
ostis-apps/ostis-example-app: docs/index.md

> 
> 
> # Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Documentation
```

> Welcome to the [ostis-example-app](https://github.com/ostis-apps/ostis-example-app) documentation! Over time, as it expands, this documentation should become a guide for working with ostis-example-app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the [ostis-example-app](https://github.com/ostis-apps/ostis-example-app) documentation!
```

!!! note
    This documentation is still under development and contains only partial information. For more information please refer to [README](https://github.com/ostis-apps/ostis-example-app/blob/0.10.0/README.md).

## What is ostis-example-app?

ostis-example-app is an ostis-system designed with [OSTIS Technology](https://github.com/ostis-ai). It serves as a demonstration of how to create, structure, and run an ostis-based system.

> The main purpose of this example is to provide a simple example of system based on the OSTIS technology, so developers can use it as example for their own projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main purpose of this example is to provide a simple example of system based on the OSTIS technology. You can use it as example for their own projects.
```

Author: not sure about that

> # Documentation

Reviewer: Could you write intro for ostis-example-app?

For example, see:

https://ostis-ai.github.io/sc-machine/
https://ostis-ai.github.io/scp-machine/

> - **ostis-example-app agents**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **C++ Agents**
```

>     * [Path finding agent](agents/path_finding_agent.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [Path Finding Agent](agents/path_finding_agent.md)
```
